Tasks
-----
1. Create the 'sidius' account

2. Add Lord Sidius to the group 'sith'

3. Switch to Lord Sidius (from this moment you must not use the 'root' account!)

4. Check that Darth Plagueis aka 'plaggy' account exists

5. There is a suspicious file somewhere in the system owned by the group 'sith'
   which will help you to destroy your master

6. With the information in the file:
    6a. Get passwordless sudo
    6b. Remove Darth Plagueis from the system along with his home directory

7. Find all files owned by the former user 'plaggy'

8. Take the files and shuffle their contents so that you formulate the
   philosophy of Sith and save it under '/var/tmp/sith_rule.txt'

9. You're the almighty Darth Sidius, and no feeble user shall challenge your
   authority - prevent all regular users from being able to switch to the root
   user or to any other user who might have root access
   (PLEASE DO NOT REMOVE ANYTHING!)

10. All privileged operations from this moment on will have to be performed
   from the sidius account - that's because you control the universe ;)
   When you need to switch to a different account, use sudo!

11. Create users Han Solo (codename han {UID:5010}) and Chewbacca
   (codename chewie)

12. Han and Chewie are part of the 'smugglers' group

13. Switch to Han Solo's user

14. Smugglers have a directory somewhere in the system where they can share
    intel, find it!

15. Han is inclusive and wants all intel to be owned by the 'smugglers' group,
    make sure the group ownership is forced to all newly created files in
    that directory

16. Han prepared last details of their stint and saved the following time stamp
    to 'ledger/job.txt' under the discovered smugglers' home directory:

    ``18:18 Christmas Eve 2020 in seconds since the Big Bang aka Epoch``

    Han doesn't trust people easily and so he also created a backup of the file
    in his home directory.

17. Switch back to Sidius

18. Create user Lando (codename lando)

19. Lando is not a smuggler!

20. Switch to Lando's user

21. Lando knows there is a way to read everything smugglers share, because
    there is a file somewhere in the system that will help him to add himself
    to the smugglers group. Look into the place where "everyone can do anything!"

22. Check that you can read the contents of 'ledger/job.txt' in the directory
    owned by smugglers

23. Change the time stamp of the smugglers' job so that you move it by 1 hour
    into the future.

24. Switch to Han Solo's user

25. Han found out about Lando's actions. Therefore, he needs to deny Lando any
    access to smugglers' data forever despite Lando having "the key" to the
    smugglers group
